Behavior:

When the main class is run:
1.The User will be asked for the amount X of players. If X is not element of [2,10], the game will later catch it in the run
   method and shut down the program.
2.The programm shows the players hand, whose turn it is. It also displays the top card of the discardpile. When this
	card is a specialeffectcard of instance skipcard, drawtwocard, changedirectioncard or a wilddrawfour. The game will
	cast the effect of the showing card to the current player.
3.Now the player can input 1 or 2. 1 for playing a card from his/her hand. 2 for drawing a card. -->player has to input again,
	if the player tried to input 1, while he/she can not play a card.
4.If in step 3, 1 could be inputted successfully, the player can now input the index of the previous shown card of the hand.
5.The chosen card will be inputted in the ismatchincard from the deck to check if the card matches the top card of the 
	discard pile. If yes, then the card will be played successfully.
6. At the end of the turn, the game call the method in player to check UNO. Then the game looks at the top card of the discard
	pile. If the colour is NULL, then the player can choose the colour, that the next player has to play. The card's colour
	will be changed to that colour. Now it will be checked if the draw pile is empty by calling isempty method of the deck.
	If the draw pile is empty the shuffle method of the deck class will be called in the game and by doing so, the discard
	pile will be shuffled and then transferred to the draw pile. Also all wild card's colour will be reset to NULL.
7. Steps 2 to 6 will be repeated until someone has zero cards, then the player with zero card wins and the program ends.


a) In step 1, any input can be given for the amount of players, but the game will later catch it and shut down the program if it is lower than 2 or higher than 10.
   In step 3, the player currently playing is asked to input 1(play a card) or 2(draw a card). If you input 1, while you have no matching card on your hand, then the player
   will be asked again to input 1 or 2. 
   In case of step 4, an index of your handcards will have to be inputted. The program catches invalid indexes and asks the player again to input an index.
b) In step 1, the input will be used for the constructor of the game instance. The input should not be used anywhere else.
   In step 3, the input decides the move a player can make. 1 can only be inputted if a legal play is possible with the palyers hand. 2 can always be inputted.
   In step 4, the input should play the card with the corresponding index from the players hand to the discardpile, if it is a matching card. Otherwise the input
   should be repeated. An illegal index also causes the program to ask the player again for a new index.
c) At the start of a turn, the game will print the players hand and the top card of the discard pile. It should never print an empty hand, in which case the program will finish
   before doing so.    